FAQ

Is there a list of supported apps?

Mouseless comes with exercises for Xcode, Webflow, Code, Ulysses, Trello, Transmit, Todoist, Things, Superhuman, Sublime Text, Spotify, Slack, Sketch, Safari, Photoshop, Notion, macOS, iA Writer, Google Docs, Gmail, Firefox, Finder, Figma, Evernote, Google Chrome, Bear, Airtable, Adobe XD.

However, the menu bar dropdown supports every app that is currently open.


Do you offer a trial?
We didn’t implement a trial yet, but no worries—feel free to purchase the app. If you’re not happy send a short message. We’ll refund your order.

By the way, we’re part of the SetApp catalogue and they offer a free trial for 7 days. They give you access to 170+ apps, including Mouseless.


The menubar app doesn’t work. What can I do?
Mouseless requires the accessibility permission in “System Preferences › Security & Privacy › Privacy › Accessibility”.

For macOS 10.15 (Catalina) the screen recording permission in “System Preferences › Security & Privacy › Privacy › Screen Recording” is required too. Don’t worry—we don’t record your screen.


Is there a Windows app?
Nope, not for now. But give us a shout and we’ll consider it.


Something’s wrong. How do I get in touch?
Drop us a line, we’ll be happy to help!


I can’t find my favorite app. Will you update Mouseless?
Sure, we have set up a public feedback board to gather app requests. Submit all the apps you miss or any other ideas you might have.


Can I ditch my mouse for good?
Nooo! Mouseless is not about getting rid of your mouse—you’ll always need it! But you’ll spend less time with mouse clicking.


How long does it take before I see results?
The amount of keyboard shortcuts for each app or tool varies, so there cannot possibly be a general answer to that. Of course, individual learning behavior affects the result as well. Try to establish a daily study routine, put your knowledge into practice, and you should see results rather quickly.


My country’s keyboard layout is not supported. Now what?
Send us more details, please. As of now, Mouseless does not support every single keyboard layout known to man, but hey: goals!